
* This is day 7 of using GitHub, and the paper seems to have not gotten very far.
* However, I have developed, personally and emotionally, a lot over these past 6 days!
* My new plan of just getting this paper completed should work out pretty well.

Changes
* I changed the title of the Google Doc from `All In One (Simon's Research Paper)`
  * to `Simon's Research Paper (of Spring 2023) (for Potter's House) (aka. All In One) (name: Sign Language Can Help Children With ASD)`
  * (for clarity!)
* I also changed the actual title of the paper to `Sign Language Could Help Children Who Experience Autism Spectrum Disorder`
  * to `Sign Language Can Help Children With ASD`, for conciseness / brevity
* I replaced all of the redundant occurances of `Children With ASD`
  * with `CWAs`, for brevity and consistency
* I moved `Source: (Lauren Gawne and Kensy Cooperrider) [1+i] https://psyarxiv.com/my5an/download` to my my sources spreadsheet, because it should be treated as an official source.

* I was going to have a seciton for:
  * ## Infants with Typical Ablement
  * but, I kinda already discussed that in Multimodal learning section, and the paper is long enough already!
  * The same logic can be applied to this lonely para. with an uncited statistic:
    * ## Families of Deaf Children
    * 72% of families with children who use sign language, don't use sign language with their children.
* I fixed up these 2 missin citations:
  * > `Fortunately, total deafness is quite rare <^D>(), even among older persons <^E>().`





Fun Facts:
* CWA / CWAs is used 95 times throughout the paper!



