
Today is `Cinco de Mayo` (May 5th in Spanish).
  On this day in history, many years ago in 1862, Mexico defeated the French forces of Napolean 3. The battle was called the `Battle of Puebla`.
  Cinoc de Mayo is sometimes referred to as the `Anniversary of the Battle of Puebla`.

# Changes
  I removed this useless, irrelevant paragraph.
    * Remember, Sign Language should not be confused with gesture (more information on this can be found in the `Clarifications` section, [**GET NUMBER HERE**]-th paragraph.
    * from the `Beyond ASD` section.
  * I fused 2 short par.s into this par.:
    * A study in 2022 found that "In the US, there are 28 million Deaf or Hard-of-Hearing people ..." and "an estimated 500,000" of them know American Sign Language ([72], page 13). This means that about 1.8% of Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing adults in the US know Sign Language. Another study found that "2.8% of all adults in the USA reported sign language use" ([71], page / para. number unknown, due to paywall).
  * I **redundantly** use phrases like `Studies have shown that` a lot. I decided to fix the following sentences:
    ## OLD:
    * Old people often have difficulty learning a foreign language, but age is not the only factor that determines aptitude. Studies have shown that "neurogenetic makeup, higher-order cognitive factors, language experience, age-conditioned learning styles and motivation" are also important factors ([58]).
    ## NEW:
    * Old people often have difficulty learning a foreign language, but age is not the only factor that determines aptitude. The "neurogenetic makeup, higher-order cognitive factors, language experience, age-conditioned learning styles and motivation" are also important factors ([58]).
  * I fixed the overuse of the word "valid" in my paper.
    * 1st:
      > Q
    * 2nd:
      > Q
    * 3rd:
      > Sign Language and oral language are, probably, equally **valid => aseptic** forms of communication for people to use while wearing face masks.
      > * I also omitted `, probably,`
    * 4th:
      > One should remember that Sign Language **is a perfectly valid >> is an** alternative to orally spoken language +`with equal communicative effectiveness`
  * I decided to remove this paragraph, because it feels completely irrelevant:
    > ## APD
    > As David Moore points out, APD might be limited to just "secondary APD" and "acquired APD". The "secondary" APD is genetic, and the "acquired" APD is caused by a severe injury or an infection ([76], 'HISTORY, ANCIENT, AND MODERN', only para.). "Children diagnosed with APD perform equally to children diagnosed with [other learning and behavioral disorders]" ([77], Abstract: Conclusions, only para.). Therefore, APD might be a unique disorder, or it might be more of a symptom that is experienced as a result of other disorders and events.
  * |
  * Par.
  * Par


# Considerations
  * Should `ASD is a behaviorally defined neurological disorder` be in the Definition Summary? I guess it kinda fits in the Conclusion (since it can remind the reader about what they learned in the Def Sum, and the it also summarized the Def of ASD in just a few words).
  * As Grammarly has pointed out, I don't need too many transition words.
  * I keep using the word valid throughout my paper. It is kinda redundant and repetitive.
    > * Sign Language and oral language are, probably, equally valid forms of communication for people to use while wearing face masks.
    > * Sign Language is a perfectly valid alternative to orally spoken language.
    > * even though there is a perfectly valid alternative to Sign Language.
    > * One should remember that Sign Language is a perfectly valid alternative to orally spoken language.
  * My paper still feels pessimistic; I am clearly doubting myself in many different places:
    > ## How Many Times *Should* I Clarify this throughout my paper?
    > * The research on Sign Language being used to help CWAs (SLHC) might seem sparse, considering that many studies only focus on one subject (here, 'subject' means client / individual with ASD) ([35] Schreibman et al., Support ... Treatments, para. 1). Nonetheless, there is a large amount of research which has shown that Sign Language could significantly improve the communication and language skills of many CWAs.
  * Here is the **Thesis** paragraph:
    > One day, the author was curiously thinking and pondering about sign language, and then had a realization. Sign Language is somewhat unpopular, but could be used a lot more. The field of study on ASD has a lot of active exploration and development. Sometimes the solution to a problem is to try something new. So, perhaps Sign Language could be used to help solve some communication difficulties for some CWAs. Sign Language could help CWAs who are too sensitive to sound, CWAs who are inattentive to oral speaking, mute CWAs, and CWAs with speech impediments. **Sign Language could also help CWAs who prefer to use their hands or prefer multimodal intervention over single-modality intervention.**
    * That thesis statement is not my actual (preferred) thesis though. My actual thesis is:
      > *Why is this relevant?* Well, CWAs need very specific and well individualized interventions. It is generally important for them.
      * I feel like I would have to rewrite the whole paper is I wanted to emphasize that point properly. So, overall, I am not feeling too great about the state of my thesis.
    * Also, my conclusion is not written the normal way; normally, one would restate the thesis in the `Conclusion`, but that doesn't make much sense for a paper that is this long. I think I might say `In sum, the evidence shows that Sign Language could help multiple groups of CWAs, in many ways. The Sign Language could help therapists meet the specific, individual needs of the CWAs, and it could improve communication for everyone. The evidence for this composed mostly of coincidal evidence, because the research on the intersection of ASD and Sign Language is quite skimpy.
      * Should I add random vocab words, like `skimpy`?

# Footnotes to remove:
* `specific case of ASD (see footnote [^ยน]).`




