# May 6th of 2023

Today, I started with my focus on the `Clarifications` seciton.

I have written so much in comments and thought about every detail of my writing process so much. I write more about my own writing then I actually write in the main writing! I.E. I write more comments than main / genuine content!

I write some pretty non-sensical messages for my GitHub commits! Of course, this isn't a coding project, so I can't really write normal commit messages anyways.

# Changes

## Rewording:
* I've done lots of it!
  > Sign Language **is a perfectly valid >> has been accepted as an** alternative to orally spoken language. Approximately ...
  > Thus, Sign Language could be very useful, even though there **is a perfectly valid alternative to Sign Language >> are plenty of alternative methods of intervention**.
  > Sign Language might be especially **effective >> successful** as an early intervention.
  > Interventions for CWAs are more **effective >> efficacious** when done at an earlier age ([81], Predicting Autism Risk in Infancy, para. 2).
    * The new word might be too obscure though. Other words are "successful", "constructive", "fruitful", "powerful", and one of my personal favorites: "helpful". And "aiding" might be a great word (as well).
  > "When students participate in a range of cognitive and social" responsive activities, they tend to **experience more effective learning >> learn better**.
    * Lots of ways to reword this. For example: "experience improved learning", "experience faster learning with better retention", or "experience better learning". I decided to remove "experience" and just write "learn better". I could say "learn and retain more information", or something along those lines.

## Comment to Ms Mangione:
My paper is not supposed to have a `counterargument` section
The `Clarifications` section:
  * it has a lot of non-counterargument content, and everything in the section just fits together so well. I personally hate the idea of a counterargument.
  * it lists multiple alternative solutions to my solution,
    > AND it lists the pitfalls of my solution. The pitfalls are what all of you staff members like to refer to as "side effects" for some reason.
  * Here is my new plan:
    > I will separate `Clarifications` into multiple CLEAR subsections:
      * `Early Interventions` (1st Alt),
      * `Hearing Aids` (2nd Alt),
      * `Pitfalls of Sign Language`.
    > The `Pitfalls of Sign Language` subsection will be a fusion of the current `Language is Difficult to Learn` and `Cost of learning language` subsections.
    > I will move the NDBI subsection up to the `Sign Lang Can Help` section, where it belongs.
    > And I might move a comment or 2 from the `Early Interventions` subsection up to the `Sign Lang Can Help` section, where it would fit in better.

## Hearing Loss
  * The frequencies of of typical Hearing Loss is not related to my paper at all.
    * CONTEXT:
      > Hearing Aids help people with partial loss of hearing, by amplifying sound waves ([74], What is a hearing aid?, para. 2). Some hearing aids are specially designed for specific sounds and frequencies, according to the patient's specific hearing loss. **Typically hearing loss is experienced for mostly high frequencies ([75] What Is Hearing Loss? The Simple Answer ..., para. 2); many hearing aids are consequently designed to specifically amplify high frequencies.** Special hearing aids have been used on children with Auditory Processing Disorder (APD). In the experiment, the children were able to understand the speech of other people much better. Therefore, hearing aids could be helpful for many CWAs. Combining hearing aids with sound-canceling or dampening headphones could very well improve the communicative abilities of many CWAs. This is especially true of CWAs who are too sensitive to sound, and CWAs who are mostly dismissive towards sounds (i.e. CWAs who have a hard time paying attention to sounds).
    * V
    * So, I have opted to remove the **marked** text.
  * Futhermore, I can remove the detail about APD. APD doesn't seem to be a `valid` research topic to begin with.


