I am still going to use Google Docs.
## LOL

Nonetheless, I still want to use GitHub for the changelog.

Here is my todo list:
* DONE: add the heading for the History section (LOL)!
* define hearing aids (I want a good source just for this)
* add a section on APD
* consider replacing certain direct quotations with footnotes, because I honestly don't like direct quoations (I prefer my own specific voice and writing style);
* add a section on the importance of early intervention
* consider replacing `"\[hypothesize\]"` with just `hypothesize`, since it literally doesn't quote any words from the source (OMEGA LOL on this one)!

I feel like I am endlessly learning important life lessons due to having to write this research paper.
> In the future, I will try to treat all of my projects and writing this seriously.
> In my personal opinion, writing is a process and is not merely based on accomplishing written works. My new goal is to keep on adding more and more and more changelog comments like these. This is a good idea (and all of my past ideas that were similar to this were also REALLY GOOD IDEAS)!

I read Caden's research paper and he had such long paragraphs. It was so hard for ME to read. I don't understand why anyone would ever WANT to employ such weirdly specific (and inaccessible) writing style rules. I just LOVE how fast a simple HTML file loads (in comparison to a Google Doc).

You know what's nice is that GitHub lets me commit this file, and then revise it later.

Good luck, Simon!
