TODO list:
* Today's goal is to focus on organizing and `compiling` the paper. The paper is almost done, and I want to be able to focus on other things.
* I *still* like to use the `version control` features in Google Docs, such as naming the current version to `v.1.3`.
* * the keyboard shortcut for this is: `alt +f >v >n`.
* * naming the current version makes me feel good / like I actually accomplished something;
* * LOL! *(XD)* **\[self pity\]**
* 
* 
* I removed this paragraph:
* * Sign Language is completely alien to [RESEARCH TO DO]% of people, and is very rarely ever seen in most public spaces. If even 50% of the high functioning CWAs learned Sign Language, it could potentially have radical changes on the therapy / intervention that the CWAs receive.
* * It is a bit informal / opinionated, AND I have much more fun paragraph that compares the rarity of sign language to the rarity to geniuses
* 
* 
* 
* 
* random vocab words! XD:
* * `capaciously momentous`
* * I just like adding vocab, OK?! Ok,,.
* 
* We got interrupted by Ms. Hill today; how unfortunate that I did not get to work on my paper more today.
* 
* 
* I am really excited to redo my sinebrot fractal soon; I wanna make my background image have FANCY gradients, instead of solid color sections
* * doing a `zeta-brot` set would also be fun;
* * and a `lambert-w-brot` set
* * and a `logarithmic-integral-brot` set
* * and maybe even a `laplace-brot` set (but that might be very similar to the logarithmic integral)
* * and maybe some otherweird stuff, like a normal curve one; would that be called `normal-brot`, or `bell-brot`, or `belle-brot`?
* * and maybe a normal cdf; would that be `cdf-brot` or `sigmoid-brot`?
* * and maybe a student-t pdf & student-t cdf; that would be a `student-brot`, and `student-sigmoid-brot` I guess;
* * 
* 
* I keep checking my email and getting disappointed by the fact that:
* * my own Google Doc comments are the only thing that is really worth noting!
* * * 1st check: 8:57am; nothing of interest :sad:!
* 
* DONE: add a (short) section on the importance of early intervention
* I now also have a `putting things into perspective paragraph`, where I go on a short tangent about how the %age of people who know sign language is the same as the %age of people who have an IQ above 144.
* I just found this gold-mine of a source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8158398/
* 
* 
* consider replacing certain direct quotations with footnotes, because I honestly don't like direct quotations (I prefer my own specific voice and writing style);
* * I have 2 things in the clarifications that {I am considering for the act of moving them to the footnotes}. These writing
* * APD now feels like a footnote;
* I removed this comment from the `Clarifications` section:
* * // Seems off topic, but I want to include this somewhere anyways:
* * However, the ASD expense is insignificant in comparison to other expenses in the medical field. For example, the funding that goes to producing, distributing & maintaining vaccinations is [RESEARCH].
* 
* 




