#I am STILL NOT DONE with this project!
**WOW!**

====

Here is a link to today's version of the research paper (as of 11:15 AM):
https://simon-glitch.github.io/Projects/Simon%27s%20Spring%202023%20Research%20Paper%20%28beta%20version%20~%20April%2028%29.html
It's 6,827 words long!
  = which should be AT LEAST 12.72 pages (according to my uber-accurate (/sarcasm :~ it's not very accurate!~) page counting function!)

**====**

2nd Hour (report):
  Don't tell her, but I am ***REALLY INTO*** Emonne! I always have been, and I think about her a lot when I am at school. Of course, I do quit thinking about people and school and stuff when I get home. Emonne, Julienne, and Joy aren't here today. I wrote the date (4/28/23) on the board; typically updating the date is Emonne's responsibility, but she seems to be absent.
Whole day:
  The Juniors are gone on retreat today; thus, Ms Veldman AND Mr Hoogstrate are also gone. The school sure does feel kinda empty.
3rd Hour:
  I think we are technically skipping class right now. We are in Room 22; we are usually in this room for AP Stats (3rd Hour), **but**:
  * we don't have a teacher with us,
  * and maybe we should be in study hall (in the Cafeteria instead).
  > \* I know that our school has a really weird rule: skipping class means that the student has to go to school on Saturday, as a punishment. The rule is really weird, considering that not coming to school simply results in the student being told to attend a detention (which is much less severe than being told to attend school on Saturday, obviously). I would never attend school on a Saturday, since that could really ruin my sleep schedule.  
  > \* Anyways, these crazy students are throwing a volley ball around, relentlessly.
4th hour:
  We are supposed to work on a `Branches of Government` review sheet, for Civics class. That means I won't have much time to work on my research paper.

  I am so grateful for not having Financial Math (~aka~ Personal Finance)
  
  I think this diary~like content is helping me write a lot more words per day, and even improve my writing skills.
  
  WOW! I am SO HUNGRY right now. I usually get hungry at the start of 4th Hour, every day, 
T:
  P

====

I erased this INSANE comment from my document:

//  I really don't wanna waste time finding evidence / citations for this content. The teacher said approx~ `the student needs citations on any paragraph that doesn't come solely from creative writing of the student's brain`. This implies that: the student is allowed to write whole paragraphs of uncited, unsupported content, and then just not cite anything.
//    I am extremely confident that such writing is not allowed in a `research paper` in college.
//  Anyways, as I said, I don't wanna waste my precious time trying to find sources for facts that come to me so obviously.
//    If YOU (the teacher) want to make me waste my time doing that, then (in order for my to do so), you MUST:
//      * for each of the different items / parts of text that you would like me to support with citations:
//          * come up with a Google search query that gives me an appropriate source for the particular item.
//    Good luck doing THAT!
//  long sentence (try to shorten later)


====

TODO list:
* The main goal for today (and for the paper), currently, should actually be to add actual sources that support my solution (`Sign Language Can Help`).
* The goal for today **still** is to focus on organizing and `compiling` the paper. The paper is almost done, and I want to be able to focus on those 2 important things.
* * When I finally get this paper done, I can finally begin to focus on other things, such as studying for AP Stats (assuming that I might get to take the AP Exam for AP Stats).
* 
* I added a short paragraph about the impact of face masks on Sign Language. Is it relevant? Ehh, kinda ~ barely, yeah!~
* Seriously (sewiously) though, I am gonna have fun today.
* 
* 
* I could only find 2 sources to support my claim:
* * \[36\] https://doi.org/10.1007/BF01531345 (spring.com; paywall)
* * \[37\] https://doi.org/10.1901%2Fjaba.1978.11-489 (PMC; from Wiley Online)
* 
* DONE: decrease the width on the section tables from 7.5 in to just 6 inches. They are now easier to view with the comment side bar active, AND they should be much easier to see on Mobile now! I might decide to change the width to 5.5 or even 5 inches in the future.
* 
* consider replacing certain direct quotations with footnotes, because I honestly don't like direct quotations (I prefer my own specific voice and writing style);
* * I have 2 things in the clarifications that {I am considering for the act of moving them to the footnotes}. These writing
* * APD now feels like a footnote;
* I removed this comment from the `Clarifications` section:
* * // Seems off topic, but I want to include this somewhere anyways:
* * However, the ASD expense is insignificant in comparison to other expenses in the medical field. For example, the funding that goes to producing, distributing & maintaining vaccinations is [RESEARCH].
* 
* 







