#I am STILL NOT DONE with this project!
**WOW!**


I am spending some time setting up the paper's HTML formatting.
I think I might add in a button that swap's the paper's monospace font for a serif or sans-serif font. I think I will use the new Domine font I discovered. It's a REALLY nice sans-serif.


====

Here is a link to today's version of the research paper (as of 11:15 AM):
https://simon-glitch.github.io/Projects/Simon%27s%20Spring%202023%20Research%20Paper%20%28beta%20version%20~%20April%2028%29.html
It's 6,827 words long!
  = which should be AT LEAST 12.72 pages (according to my uber-accurate (/sarcasm :~ it's not very accurate!~) page counting function!)


====


TODO list:
* The main goal for today (and for the paper), currently, should actually be to add actual sources that support my solution (`Sign Language Can Help`).
* The goal for today **still** is to focus on organizing and `compiling` the paper. The paper is almost done, and I want to be able to focus on those 2 important things.
* * When I finally get this paper done, I can finally begin to focus on other things, such as studying for AP Stats (assuming that I might get to take the AP Exam for AP Stats).
* 
* I added a short paragraph about the impact of face masks on Sign Language. Is it relevant? Ehh, kinda ~ barely, yeah!~
* Seriously (sewiously) though, I am gonna have fun today.
* 
* 
* I could only find 2 sources to support my claim:
* * \[36\] https://doi.org/10.1007/BF01531345 (spring.com; paywall)
* * \[37\] https://doi.org/10.1901%2Fjaba.1978.11-489 (PMC; from Wiley Online)
* 
* DONE: decrease the width on the section tables from 7.5 in to just 6 inches. They are now easier to view with the comment side bar active, AND they should be much easier to see on Mobile now! I might decide to change the width to 5.5 or even 5 inches in the future.
* 
* consider replacing certain direct quotations with footnotes, because I honestly don't like direct quotations (I prefer my own specific voice and writing style);
* * I have 2 things in the clarifications that {I am considering for the act of moving them to the footnotes}. These writing
* * APD now feels like a footnote;
* I removed this comment from the `Clarifications` section:
* * // Seems off topic, but I want to include this somewhere anyways:
* * However, the ASD expense is insignificant in comparison to other expenses in the medical field. For example, the funding that goes to producing, distributing & maintaining vaccinations is [RESEARCH].
* 
* 







