
I have decided to reword all of this:
  > "In the past 50 years," the common understanding of "autism spectrum disorder (ASD) has" changed drastically. Originally, ASD was "a narrowly defined, rare disorder of childhood onset"; now ASD is a "well publicized, advocated, and researched lifelong condition, recognised as fairly common and very heterogeneous".

  > From the previous section, one can conclude that: the definition, the understanding, the practiced treatment, and the held mindset of ASD have all evolved significantly throughout the past century ([66], Abstract, para. 1).
*(It all feels a little bit redundant)*

# Change Log:
* I added headings to the `Definition Summary` section
* I replaced `1980s, and 1990s` with `1980s and 1990s` (removing the inappropriate comma);
* I added these 2 para. about NDBIs:
  > NDBIs
  > * The theory on Naturalistic Developmental Behavioral Interventions (NDBIs) was developed by Laura Scheribman and her colleagues in 2015 ([35]). NDBIs combines the ideas of ABA, AE, and the importance of early interventions. NDBIs also combine behavioral research with empirical research, thus improving the methodology behind ASD research.
  > Transition
  > * The most important general idea NDBIs is that they focus on individualized therapy which is attuned to the CWA's specific case of ASD (see footnote [^ยน]).
> I replaced `NDBI` with `NDBIs`, because Schreibman et al. tend to use NDBIs as a plural (even though there is also singular usage);

> I replace `At first` in `In 1980, the "Trend Towards Increasingly Naturalistic Behavioral Interventions" began. At first, researchers tried using...` with `Initially`, because `Initially` sounds more formal;
> I also added an `and` into `attempts", [and] more direct treatment`;
> I reformed this messy paragraph (and changed its header);
  > # Move to `Sign Language Can Help` section
    > Anyways, Edgar Carr et al. was also emphasizing an important new idea:
    > ([39] D. Nunes, page "18" (actually page 2))
    > One can "[hypothesize]" that manual communication would be easier to generalize to non-treatment settings". There is no proof or evidence that the manual modality can't be used for all general purposes.
  > # Generalization
    > Edgar Carr et al. also emphasized an important new idea. Carr said that one can hypothesize that manual communication would be easier to generalize to non-treatment settings". There is no proof or evidence that the manual modality can't be used for all general purposes ([39] D. Nunes, page "18" (actually page 2)).
> I found a way to squeeze in 2 more citations / sources:
  > I replaced this:
    > Firstly, quite a few CWAs are extremely sensitive to sounds (misophonia or hyperacusis). "Patients with ASD [tend to] have a comorbid SPD in 80-90 percent of cases" ([56], Introduction, para. 1).
  > with this:
    > Firstly, quite a few CWAs are extremely sensitive to sounds. This is typically a case of phonophobia. Sometimes the CWA has misophonia (irritability by specific sounds), hyperacusis (physical pain, caused by loud sounds) ([84], Abstract, para. 1), or tinnitus (ringing in the ear) ([85], Abstract, Results). "Patients with ASD [tend to] have a comorbid SPD in 80-90 percent of cases" ([56], Introduction, para. 1).
> And grammarly gave me some great suggestions:
  > I replaced this para.:
    > Secondly, there are some CWAs who tend to pay very little or no attention to sounds. CWAs who are extremely sensitive to sound might be too frightened or terrified for them to be able to interact with their therapist (via the oral modality). Both the over sensitive CWAs, and the sound-ignoring CWAs might benefit from use of Sign Language. Thirdly, there are mute CWAs, who might be able to hear just fine, but rarely or never actually use the oral modality. Fourthly, there are CWAs with speech impediments, who are hard to understand, due to their inability to pronounce words correctly (or their difficulty in achieving the proper pronunciation of words). Both the mute CWAs, and the CWAs with poor pronunciation skills could use Sign Language to improve their ability to communicate with their therapist(s).
  > with this para.:
    > Secondly, some CWAs tend to pay very little or no attention to sounds. CWAs who are extremely sensitive to sound might be too frightened or even terrified for them to be able to interact with their therapist (via the oral modality). Both the over-sensitive CWAs and the sound-ignoring CWAs might benefit from the use of Sign Language. Thirdly, there are mute CWAs, who might be able to hear just fine, but rarely or never actually use the oral modality. Fourthly, there are CWAs with speech impediments, who are hard to understand, due to their inability to pronounce words correctly (or their difficulty in achieving the proper pronunciation of words). Both the mute CWAs and the CWAs with poor pronunciation skills could use Sign Language to improve their ability to communicate with their therapist(s).



